Added w&b exporter (#222)
neptune-ai/examples: utils/migration_tools/from_wandb/README.md

# Introduction
This script is intended to export run metadata from Weights and Biases to Neptune.  
**This is in beta and is offered without any warranties.**  
We invite contributions to improve this script.

# Prerequisites/assumptions
- A Weights and Biases account, `wandb` library installed, and environment variables set.
- A neptune.ai account, `neptune` python library installed, and environment variables set. Read the [docs](https://docs.neptune.ai/setup/installation/) to learn how to set up your installation.

# Instructions
- Run `wandb_to_neptune.py`
- Enter the W&B entity name from where you want to export runs, and the Neptune workspace name where you want to import experiments
- Enter the projects you want to export as comma-separated values, without spaces

> - Run logs will be created in the same folder as `wandb_to_neptune.py`. This can be adjusted by updating the `logging.basicConfig()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run logs will be created in the same folder as `wandb_to_neptune.py`. You can change this in `logging.basicConfig()`
```

|     Notebook      | code/_session_history.ipynb  |          run.source_code.files           |
| requirements.txt  |       requirements.txt       |          run.source_code.files           |
| Model checkpoints |    \*.ckpt/\*checkpoint\*    |             run.checkpoints              |
|    Other files    |         run.files()          |                run.files                 |

<sup>1</sup>Underscores `_` in a W&B project name are replaced by a hyphen `-` in Neptune  
<sup>2</sup>Passing the wandb.run.id as neptune.run.custom_run_id ensures that duplicate Neptune runs are not created for the same W&B run even if the script is run multiple times  
<sup>2</sup>Values are converted to a string in Neptune  
<sup>3</sup>`_steps` and `_timestamps` associated with a metric are logged as `step` and `timestamp` respectively with a Neptune metric  
<sup>4</sup>`system.` prefix is removed when logging to Neptune

# What is not exported
- Models
- W&B table-file†
- `run.summary` keys starting with `_`†
- Metrics starting with `_`†
- Files with path starting with any of `artifact/`, `config.yaml`, `media/`, `wandb-`†

> †These have been excluded at the code level to prevent redundancy and noise, but can be included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
† These have been excluded at the code level to prevent redundancy and noise, but can be included.
```

> # Potential issues and workarounds

Reviewer: Looks like this can be removed? Also, if this were to be an actual heading, I'd go with "Troubleshooting" :)

> # Potential issues and workarounds

Author: ```suggestion
```
